this file was rewritten in the
ours branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0b-duplicated-in-ours.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.

<<<<<<< HEAD
this file was rewritten in the
ours branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0b-duplicated-in-ours.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.
=======
note that it has also been edited
in the theirs branch

this file will be rewritten in
ours, and its contents will be
duplicated in another file.
but it will not be eligible for
rename detection.
>>>>>>> rename_conflict_theirs

this file was rewritten in the
ours branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0b-duplicated-in-ours.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.
