this file was rewritten in the
theirs branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0c-duplicated-in-theirs.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.

<<<<<<< HEAD
note that is has also been edited
in the ours branch

this file will be rewritten in
theirs, and its contents will be
duplicated in another file.
but it will not be eligible for
rename detection.
=======
this file was rewritten in the
theirs branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0c-duplicated-in-theirs.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.
>>>>>>> rename_conflict_theirs

this file was rewritten in the
theirs branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0c-duplicated-in-theirs.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.

this file was rewritten in the
theirs branch, and the original
file was copied to the file
0c-duplicated-in-theirs.txt.  that
duplicated file will not be
eligible for rename detection.

